How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Well, it was my first expirience to try diff command. I've found the bug
    in one second! It seems very helpful since I usually have many versions 
    of my computing programs. Waiting for new lessons!

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Access to the entire history allows you to see the whole progress of the 
    project. You may notice which part is the most stable and which one is 
    changing rapidly. Moreover, it  would be much esier to understand codes
    from other divelopers.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Let's start with pluses:
      + Only developer can decide for sure where is the logical starts and ends.
      + Manual saving may prevent from having tons of versions.
    As for minuses, I'd like to mention:
      - It takes your efford. Yes, sometimes you have to use your own hands.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git was created for code version-control. Only very simple codes are single
    filed. Multiple file projects are easier for understanding, each file is a 
    logical part of the project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    At first you need to type 
    $ git log 
    in your repository directory. This command will show you all the commits 
    were done. Then you should find which are you interested in and type
    $ git diff commit_id previuos_commit_id
    You will be given the changes!

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can always restore each state and find what extactly was wrong!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to start a new project related with neoral network and machine learning.
    I hope that Git will help me to make a tidy workplace. 
